Story 1 : "You woke up with a severe headache, not remembering a thing what happened. Looking around, you found out that you're lying in a dimly lit room. To your right, you see a cabinet, and to your left, you see a chair. Front of you is a door, which seems to be locked. Suddenly, you hear footsteps approaching towards the door."

Option 1 : "Grab the chair and be ready to strike whoever come at the door"
Option 2 : "Run into cabinet and hide"

--------
Story 2 : "The door got unlocked. As it slowly opens, you get ready to strike at the first chance you got.  Without thinking further, as soon as you see the person coming in, you smash the person on the head with the chair! The person seems to be unconscious. What would you do?

Option 1 : Check his pockets for more info
Option 2 : Run out the door!

Ending 1 : "As you reach for his pockets, the person quickly grabs your hand, and as he set his furious eyes, you froze, unsure what to do. The person quickly overwhelms you and inject you with a syringe. You feels dizzy and fell to the ground, unable to open your eyes. What happened next is up to fate........"

Ending 2:  "You ran out without looking back! After a couple of minutes, the person doesn't seems to be catching you up. It's safe to say you have escaped the house! Congratulations, you escaped!"
---------
Story 3 : "You quickly rushed into the cabinet, and holds it open a little, so you could peek outside. The door got unlocked, and you see a buffed guy coming in. He looks around confused and started to mumble to himself as he prepares to leave. As a sloppy person you are, you almost trip inside the cabinet, making some noise. The guy quickly turns around and walk towards the cabinet"

Option 1 : "Stay silent, hoping he would leave"
Option 2 : "Go out and knock him out!"

Ending 3 :  "You hold you breath, as you hope for him to leave. The cabinet door blew wide open, and you see the guy staring at you. He smiled at you and said, "Thought you escaped for a second there". He explained to you that you're at a mental hospital and that he's a doctor taking care of you. Confused, you looked around and sees that what he says might be true after all!"

Ending 4 : "You blew the cabinet wide open and rushed at the guy! Little did you know that he was a lot stronger than you. The person quickly overwhelms you and inject you with a syringe. You feels dizzy and fell to the ground, unable to open your eyes. What happened next is up to fate........"
--------